Data loaded
k = 2
enter kmeans
finish random 2 cluster
enter loop
15
5.70832419395  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 3
enter kmeans
finish random 3 cluster
enter loop
13
7.27656292915  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 4
enter kmeans
finish random 4 cluster
enter loop
37
26.9134860039  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 5
enter kmeans
finish random 5 cluster
enter loop
61
48.4323821068  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 6
enter kmeans
finish random 6 cluster
enter loop
27
24.8038949966  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 7
enter kmeans
finish random 7 cluster
enter loop
28
29.4344201088  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 8
enter kmeans
finish random 8 cluster
enter loop
37
44.0885720253  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 9
enter kmeans
finish random 9 cluster
enter loop
62
81.659332037  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 10
enter kmeans
finish random 10 cluster
enter loop
100
146.018139124  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 11
enter kmeans
finish random 11 cluster
enter loop
106
170.172037125  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 12
enter kmeans
finish random 12 cluster
enter loop
78
136.654013872  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 13
enter kmeans
finish random 13 cluster
enter loop
108
203.227505922  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 14
enter kmeans
finish random 14 cluster
enter loop
44
88.8732149601  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 15
enter kmeans
finish random 15 cluster
enter loop
57
122.658087015  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 16
enter kmeans
finish random 16 cluster
enter loop
70
161.572030067  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 17
enter kmeans
finish random 17 cluster
enter loop
62
150.520719051  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 18
enter kmeans
finish random 18 cluster
enter loop
85
219.570676088  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 19
enter kmeans
finish random 19 cluster
enter loop
58
156.958120108  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 20
enter kmeans
finish random 20 cluster
enter loop
69
196.732632875  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 21
enter kmeans
finish random 21 cluster
enter loop
56
167.782743931  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 22
enter kmeans
finish random 22 cluster
enter loop
78
243.179358959  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 23
enter kmeans
finish random 23 cluster
enter loop
41
136.757738113  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 24
enter kmeans
finish random 24 cluster
enter loop
50
169.258926868  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 25
enter kmeans
finish random 25 cluster
enter loop
82
288.650172949  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 26
enter kmeans
finish random 26 cluster
enter loop
127
466.327568054  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 27
enter kmeans
finish random 27 cluster
enter loop
41
156.394339085  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 28
enter kmeans
finish random 28 cluster
enter loop
91
359.923316002  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 29
enter kmeans
finish random 29 cluster
enter loop
60
245.693339109  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 30
enter kmeans
finish random 30 cluster
enter loop
90
380.158633947  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 31
enter kmeans
finish random 31 cluster
enter loop
37
160.995182991  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 32
enter kmeans
finish random 32 cluster
enter loop
88
396.20351696  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 33
enter kmeans
finish random 33 cluster
enter loop
41
189.539905071  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 34
enter kmeans
finish random 34 cluster
enter loop
52
248.446095943  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 35
enter kmeans
finish random 35 cluster
enter loop
39
190.890251875  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 36
enter kmeans
finish random 36 cluster
enter loop
56
282.813068867  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 37
enter kmeans
finish random 37 cluster
enter loop
76
394.063054085  seconds
cluster internal average sim
k = 38
enter kmeans
finish random 38 cluster
enter loop
53
280.756924152  seconds
cluster internal ave